# st-vincent-wedding-packages
A Caribbean wedding is much more than a ceremony. It is a wedding, vacation, honeymoon, and family reunion all in one. The Spring Hotel in Bequia is the ideal setting for your Caribbean wedding.
Discover Some Striking Wedding Packages And The Best Venue At Spring Hotel Bequia 
With spectacular ocean views, our newest convention centre can hold 20 to 150 guests. It ensures you will always remember your big day. You're sure to like the main hotel's private salons, decks, verandas, and poolside bar. It has gardens and a designer pool. This resort also has spacious indoor and outdoor reception and dining areas. It has facilities for musical groups, a wedding arbour, a staffed bar, and kitchens.

At Spring Hotel Bequia, we provide you with the best wedding venue. In addition, we offer it for destination weddings. We, intend to make your wedding a special day in your life with a wedding package at a reasonable budget. In addition, we arrange and help you with licensing, venue decoration, photography, and catering. We can arrange for flowers, music, and a separate transportation for your wedding day. We can also make special arrangements for your beach wedding. This resort also organizes a wedding ceremony at Spring House. Find out about the various wedding packages and the most suitable venues we offer.
• Pre-wedding Packages
You will be accompanied by our attorney to all government agencies. They will guide you with the legal process and paperwork required for the wedding. Please allow a day for this as bureaucracy is a very slow process. This resort arranges everything after consulting you over the phone or by email. We do it for your wedding plan. We, try our best to make your dream wedding, a wish come true.
The staff at Spring Hotel Bequia would also provide you with a complimentary massage. We, at Spring Hotel Bequia, provide help with the bride’s makeup, hairstyle and many other services
• Wedding Ceremony Packages
We make arrangements and set up the venue, including the wedding marquee. In addition, we arrange an altar, a table, and seats as the bridal couple agrees in advance. This resort provides you with decorations for your wedding. Spring Hotel Bequia also offers you with a water taxi to and from the beach. This resort also provides you with decorated transport for your wedding day. Spring Hotel Bequia likewise arranges for snacks and complimentary drinks on the beach. On your wedding day, we will also provide you with a special photographer and videographer.
• Wedding Reception Packages
At Spring Hotel Bequia, we are pleased to provide a special bridal suite for you. We can design a bridal bouquet composed of vibrant tropical flowers. This resort, in addition, offers catering and has a waiter. It also offers you musical services like house music of your choice from your iPod or Bose system. In addition, we provide you with a live and professional DJ. This resort also provides you with a wedding cake as a part of its catering services. 
• Wedding Venue
This unique building inspired by Frank Llyod Wright has stunning views of the Spring Bay. It occupies 5000 square feet of event space and has a courtyard with walls. There is air condition here with a kitchen, bar, and a separate space for reception. It also has a separate wedding gazebo. It is the latest and most luxurious wedding venue. You can celebrate a private destination wedding or a wedding function here. This wedding venue has space for 150 guests. So book for this wedding venue in advance. Do it, especially if you are looking towards celebrating a destination wedding here. 
Will You Book Spring Hotel Bequia For Your Destination Wedding?
Plan your destination wedding at Spring Hotel Bequia. We have a wonderful wedding venue with many pre-wedding and post-wedding services. We are sure it will make your wedding day special. Spring Hotel Bequia, also has lovely accommodations with stunning views of the ocean. If you want to celebrate your destination wedding here, then it is the right place for you. This is because we offer you a discount of up to 25% on your average expenses here. So, what are you waiting for? Book your seats in advance and don't miss out this summer! 
click here https://springhotelbequia.com/destination-wedding
